---
sNavPage: community
sGuestbook: bwondrous
layout: page
title: Bright Wondrous
categories:
- beepoli
---


stars: icon:star[role=yellow]

It has taken five years to get the courage to sit down and put this story onto paper.  It is not a long and
involved tale but it is one that any reader may take as fiction or fact.  If you take it as fiction you will see in
it a great tale of fantasy and joy.  If you believe it to be fact then you will truly understand why it has taken
so many years to gather up the courage to tell my story.

Late evening on Christmas Eve of 1991 my four brothers and I were spending the evening remembering
our mother.  It was our first Christmas without her running the whole show.  She had passed on in January
and we were all trying to cope with her loss in our own different ways. Especially this first Christmas without her.  We were sitting on the floor of our dad's family room opening gifts mom had purchased prior to her death.  All were labeled. Each and everyone of us, our wives and children had received a special gift from her with a short personal note attached.  It was a very emotional and personal experience. Mom was organized to say the least.  She knew her illness was terminal and anticipating
her death she had gone and taken care of Christmas almost an entire year prior to its arrival.

As the evening progressed my brothers and I eventually found ourselves alone as the last of the kids and wives headed for bed.  We just sat quietly with our individual thoughts for awhile until the youngest brother asked quietly how we all felt about the story mom had told us all when we were younger and full of the wonderful anxieties kids experience during the holiday season.  We all just looked at one another and I finally asked what he meant. &quot;Is it a true story or just another kids tale to help make the season brighter?&quot;  I had never thought of it as a true story and as far as I knew all of us had felt the same way.  It was just figment of our mom’s truly active imagination.  In fact she had composed a song about the story and after several attempts to get the song produced she gave up. Every Christmas she would sit down next to her massive Wulitzer organ and play the tune for us.  In true Christmas spirit we would sing all the traditional songs but this always seemed to be the family favorite.  I had the song recorded by a few of my friends who had the means and talent and had presented copies to everyone that Christmas in order that we would not go through the holidays without our &quot;Bright Wondrous.&quot;

Again, as youngsters our mom had told her tale to us.  For some reason I just started in and told the story to my brothers as I had heard it for the first time forty-four years ago.  I was six years old then and had already grown accustomed to going to sleep with my mom playing wonderful and beautiful music each and every night. She continued to do so as long as I could remember.  It was Christmas Eve of 1952 and for some reason mom was not playing music.  Instead she had a small pink notebook from which she read.  Years later we would find out that it was the diary she kept as a young girl while growing up in McPherson, Kansas.  She took my two brothers (one was brand new) and me and sat us down in front of the warmth of the fireplace.  She put me to her left in order to rock the baby in its cradle with her right hand.  My second brother laid in front of her. Dad had fallen asleep on the couch and he snored contentedly as mom began to read.  I can truly remember the glow the old fashioned Christmas tree lights put onto her face and somehow when she did start to read she seemed to be a totally different mom.

She would tell the story to each of us on Christmas Eve in the year of our sixth birthday.  It took me a few times of hearing the story before I finally figured out that it was the year of her sixth birthday when all of this took place.  We all listened as a very attentive group for it was the only time that we would actually hear her talk about her adventure. I can remember the &quot;group hug&quot; with her as she finished telling the story to her fifth son on the Christmas Eve 1962 the year he turned six. It was the last time we would ever hear her tell her story; however, during the years that followed we did listen to and sing along with &quot;Bright Wondrous&quot; more times than I can remember.

Before she actually started to read she thumbed through the book taking momentary deep breaths as she came to parts of it that affected her in some way or another.  I am sure she had it all memorized and went through the motions of reading to give her a place to focus in order that she would not have to look at her sons for signs of disbelief. Quietly and with tones of reverence she would begin.

.&quot;Wednesday, December 24, 1930:
 
 Dear Diary,
          
This had been an exciting time for me. My three brothers and I have played all day in the new fallen snow that is so dry and fluffy we had trouble making snowballs and snowmen.  My youngest brother had a hard time playing with us.  He is still in a cast from falling from the second story balcony.  Last month he jumped off and tried to prove to us that a sheet would make a perfectly good parachute if he held it on all four corners. Remember me telling you about that diary?  He might not have broken his arm if he had waited until today.  There was no snow on the ground last month to soften his fall. It was also exciting because today is Christmas Eve.  Our dad had been quite sad because the business at his garage had slowed down so much that he was afraid our Christmas would not be as nice as last year.  I have heard him talking to mama and once she actually cried.  I told mama it would be a great Christmas because I would play the piano and we all could sing and be a happy family no matter what!!  That made her smile.  It really made me feel good to see her do that.  She and dad always worked so hard because our country was also depressed just like our family had been ever since I can remember.  Someday I will understand.  But today I am happy because I know that tonight I will see my two friends.  They come to see me all the time during the winter and they are always here on Christmas Eve. My two friends are Jack Frost and my snow flake friend named &quot;Twink.&quot; They always make me feel so good about everything! They have even showed me songs on my very own piano.  I have always learned the music so easily when they  showed me. It seems that I have always known how to play all the Christmas songs since I was a little girl.  My parents, family and friends can not believe how good I am on the piano.  I have always been afraid to tell them who is teaching me so I just tell them that I practice a lot.  Remember diary I told you once that no one would believe me.
       
Jack and Twink told me last year that this Christmas I would be old enough to do something special.  They teased me about it and no matter how many times I asked what they meant they just started playing another Christmas song on my piano.  They said I would have to wait. Remember dairy?  Well, my waiting is almost over and I am quite excited about seeing them again. I want to know what they meant!
      
Diary my mama is calling me down to dinner now.  Our house smells so good.  Everyone is here.  I think I will wake up tomorrow and be a lot bigger than I am now.  Diary I mean I will weigh a lot more not be taller.  I would prefer taller, then I could reach the pedals on my piano.  I will talk to you tomorrow.
     
.Thursday, December 25, 1930:
    
    Merry Christmas Diary,

It is Christmas day.  Diary I know that no one will ever believe me if I told them what happened last night. I know I can tell you.  I know you will listen and not question my honesty.  I am so excited I know I am going to have a hard time writing it all down. Diary please be patient with me.
        
Last night we ate a most wonderful dinner.  All of my aunts, uncles and cousins were here.  We have the only house big enough for everyone.  After dinner we were allowed to exchange and open gifts.  After all these were not from Santa.  It was really fun.  I took my grandmama into the room that my daddy uses for his work.  I thanked her for the beautiful new Sunday dress she gave me and for the funny looking things that granddaddy made that I can strap onto my feet so I can reach the piano pedals.  He told me not to try and walk on them.  I would be scared to, but now I can reach the pedals like a big person.  I couldn’t wait to show Jack and Twink how good my music now sounds with my two new feet.  I was so excited about it that I asked gramdmama if she would like to meet Jack and Twink when they arrived later. I don’t think that she believed me diary.  She laughed and picked me up and hugged me really hard.  She said something about how nice it would be to actually be young again and have such a wonderful imagination.  I think I will not try and tell anyone else until I’m sure that they will listen.  Who knows when that will be?
        
I had been practicing with my new feet for a long time after everyone had left.  Mama finally came and told me it was time to quit and go to bed.  Santa can’t show up unless all the kids are sleeping.  I know that and so does every other kid in McPherson.  I just wanted to see my friends before Santa came.  Mama and I went upstairs to my room.  We said our prayers, put my new feet against the piano in my room and then she
covered me up and hugged me.  She told me she had thanked God in her prayer for letting her have me as her little girl.  As cold as it was that really made me feel warm all over.  Diary someday when I am blessed with children I will always tell them that I love them so they can feel warm all over too.

My tummy was very full and I was really tired from playing outside all day with my brothers.  I was really sleepy for such a little kid.  I remember looking out my icy window through the few little spots that were not covered by ice.  I think there was a lot of moonlight because I could see outside very well.  I was looking at what I thought were shadows of tree branches outside when I heard a &quot;tap..tap..tink.&quot;  Diary I know my eyes opened really wide then.  I could see the little shadows becoming clearer as the ice melted in two of the panes along the bottom of the window.  They slowly became two big round holes.  With the shadows in the middle of the holes it almost looked like great big owl eyes staring into my room.  It was starting to scare me until I heard another &quot;tap..tap..tink.&quot;  IT WAS JACK FROST AND MY SNOW FLAKE FRIEND NAMED TWINK!!!  THEY ARE HERE!!  I jumped out of be bed so fast that when I stood up I became dizzy and had to sit back down on my bed.  When my little kid head stopped spinning I could see Jack and Twink just sitting on the inside windowsill.  They did not even open the window.  Dairy do you know how they always do that?  Twink was truly happy to see me.  I could tell by his big smile.  Jack was just sitting there staring at my two new feet.
     
Diary I have not told you what my friends look like.  I will tell you before I tell you about the adventure we went on last night.  When either of them talk you can always see their breath.  You can see their breath even inside my warm bedroom.  They may be cold but I know that they both have great big warm hearts. Twink takes some getting used to.  He looks like a person but his skin is all kinds of snow flakes hooked together and they form a human shape.  He glows!  Really diary he does! He is a very soft light blue and when he talks he flickers like a candle.  The flickering goes from the beautiful blue to a very bright white.  He will flicker really fast when he laughs.  I laugh real hard whenever Twink laughs.  It is really funny to see.  He is always excited to see me and talks so fast sometimes that Jack and I have to tell him to slow down.  He walks through the air very softly and can float in one place for a long time.  I think sometimes when he floats that he is taking a nap.  I think I am the only kid to ever hear a snowflake snore. When Twink gets up from where he is sitting or laying  down he always leaves a little pile of snow and the flakes that make up his body change as he is getting up. I really think that the shapes of the snowflakes that form his body can change his mood.  I know I have seen them do just that.  When Twink is really concentrating (like when he is teaching me music on the piano) all the holes in all of snowflakes get smaller and his glow shows more on the piano keys as we play them.  Whenever he is happy the spaces get bigger and the beautiful light just goes everywhere.  I do not even need to turn on the light in my room when Twink is happy.  Sometimes I wish he was not such a happy bunch of snowflakes because all of the flickering light gives me a headache.
     
My other friend Jack Frost is just a little taller than Twink.  If he sits to long and gets up he always makes cracking noise like ice cubes when you put water on them.  All of the little kids stories that I have seen show Jack as a completely different kind of person.  I guess nobody has ever really seen him but me.  He looks something like those little people that guard the gold at the end of the rainbow.  I can’t remember what they are called.  I like Jack’s hat better.  It has three corners like I have seen men wearing in mama’s history books.  That part of his hat always looks like ice with bunches of cracks in it. There are so many little cracks in the ice it almost makes it look like cotton.   The center part is round and very long. The round, long part looks almost looks like Santa’s hat except the little ball on the end reminds me of the red bulb on the end of the thermometer that is outside on one of the porch posts.  The long part of the hat is always a different color of blue depending on how cold or hot Jack is at the time.  I have seen the red bulb change to different colors of red but only a couple of times.  That only happens when Jack is arguing with Twink about the music they are trying to teach me.  I not sure what it means but I think it is Jacks way of letting Twink know his moods. I told Jack that I loved his beautiful hat. It made me laugh too.  Jack told me once that because he is always so cold that his voice always stays the same.  He can not sing very well because his words seem to come out slower because of the cold.  Usually he is always a word or two behind Twink and me when we are singing.  Sometimes that has made it hard for me to sing with him.  When that happens I just play the song slower.  Diary do you know what is really special about Jack?  He looks like frosty ice all the time.  Sometimes when the light is behind him he is very hard to see.  When Twink is really happy and gets to close to Jack all the beautiful light Twink is putting off will go right through Jack and come out all different colors.  That light will go everywhere too.  It is very nice to watch.  I have always wondered what someone must think who is walking down our street and happens to look up at my window.  One time mama came into my room when Jack and Twink were with me.  I was playing my piano.  Mama told me to go to bed that there was plenty of time to practice tomorrow.  She did not even see them.  I asked Jack why mama did not know they where with me on the piano bench. As the bulb on Jacks hat got brighter and Twink began to glow they both said at the same time the mama did not believe in them. They both tapped their chests were their hearts are when they were saying that to me.  I am not real sure what that meant.  I believe in a lot of things but can not see them Diary that is the best I can describe them.
     
Remember diary that I was telling you that Jack was looking at my two new piano feet?  Well he figured out what they were for and asked me if they worked.  I told him yes and asked him if he wanted to hear me play with them.  Jack said that we did not have time to sing and play that we had a long trip in front of us and we had to get started.  I became quite because I was really scared now.  I had no idea what was going to happen.  I remembered thinking how excited I had been waiting for them to get here and now that they were ready to go I did not know if I wanted to go along.  I think that Twink knew I was afraid.  He was still smiling at me and began to really glow.  He told me that we were going on a trip were I would meet the North Wind and the Christmas Star.  Twink said that the star was a special place and that they called it &quot;Bright Wondrous.&quot;  Jack sat next to him shaking his head up and down in crackling agreement.  Jack told me that Bright Wondrous is a special place where really beautiful things are and were beautiful things happen.  He told not to be afraid and that after our trip was over I would understand that I was truly special too.
     
Twink asked Jack if my jammies would be enough for me to wear.  I was wearing my Christmas jammies that Santa gave me last year.  They were red and had my name and a big Christmas tree on the front.  Jack told me to make sure that they were buttoned in back.  He did not want my bottom to get cold. Twink and I laughed very hard.  Twink flickered really fast and I laughed harder.  Jack told us to calm down and for me to get my pink blanket.  Twink then told me to put the blanket around my neck and to put both of my hands straight out Jack told me to close my eyes.  I was still scared but I did what they told me to do.  I had never touched them before but I could feel Twink take my left hand as Jack took my right.  I felt a little shiver go all through me and then I was warm all over and was no longer afraid.  I did not feel myself move but I knew that I was no longer sitting on my bed.  I almost opened my eyes when I figured that out but I was a good girl and kept them closed as I was told.  My hands stayed in front of me and I could feel the pull of Twink and Jack’s hands.  My feet slowly went straight down like I was standing and continued to come up behind me until I was in a position that made me feel like I was lying on my tummy.  I did not feel like I was moving except for the pull of my friends hands.  I wanted to open my eyes really bad.  I began to feel a cool breeze on my face and it gradually became colder and colder.  The breeze was very gentle all the time.  It was hard for me to tell if we were moving.  Jack then said I could open my eyes.
     
I wanted to open them real bad but I was having a hard time doing it.  Twink said we were going to meet the North Wind. I then opened my eyes very quickly and there in front of us was the North Wind.  He did look kind of like pictures I had seen of him in the books mama always read to me. Diary he is hard to describe because the parts of him were always behind the wind that covered his body.  He kind of looked like a whole bunch of Kansas tornadoes all bunched up and out of them would come his arms and hands if he needed them.  I never did see if he had legs or feet.  I never saw him blow out of his mouth.  The winds just went where he looked or pointed.  He was very, very big but his touch was soft.  I guess that is the way air is supposed to feel. The glow of Twink lit our way and Jack’s hat bulb reflected on Twink as it got brighter. I could not see my house or anything except Jack, Twink and the North Wind.  It is kind of hard to explain.  It was like a fog of some kind but where we were was clear.  Jack told me to grab a hold of the North Winds arm.  I did so and was surprised that I could actually get a hold of wind. I think that the swirling wind the made up his arm held my hand in place. The North Wind smiled at me.  I am sure he thought it was funny that my eyes were so big and my mouth wide open.  When he started to talk a breeze would blow by me.  The breeze carried his words right to my ears. His voice sounded like someone was blowing into his mouth as he talked.  Kind of like what I do with the air hose at my daddy’s garage sometimes.  He told me that I must be the friend that Jack and Twink told him about and that he was happy to finally meet me.  The North Wind is how Twink and Jack get around he told me.  The winds can move a whole bunch faster than they can.  They just hang on for the ride and can go everywhere with the winds.  Jack told me not to let go of the North Winds arm, that we were now going to see Bright Wondrous and hear the story she had to tell.  The North Winds other arm just showed up and he pointed above us.  I looked up and could see the sky.  It was like the night sky and full of stars and right in the middle of the stars was the Christmas star just like it looked in my storybooks.  Kind of like a great big letter &quot;T&quot; from where I was looking.  As I looked back down everything around me turned kind of foggy again.  It was clear only where the North Wind was pointing.  That was always in the direction we were moving.  I could now hear the noise of wind as we started to move but I could not feel it.  We seemed to be going pretty fast because the Christmas star was starting to get a whole lot bigger very quickly.  I could tell that Twink was having a good time by how brightly he was glowing and every time Jack would smile at me I could it crackling.  He told me that the star I thought to be the Christmas star was in fact Bright Wondrous and that she was expecting us too.

The sound that the North Wind was making did sound like someone was humming a happy tune.  Once he stopped his tune and told me in his windy voice that Bright Wondrous was going to tell me the story of Christmas.  I told my new friend that my mama had already told me and that we sing lots of nice songs about it at home.  The North Wind then told me that that was why I was going on the trip with him and my two other friends. I was not sure what he meant until he explained that Jack and Twink had already told me that when I come back from our journey that I would know that I was a special little girl.  I remembered them telling that but I still was not sure what made me special.  I think that the North Wind was not sure what to say then so he looked at Jack.  The bulb on the top of Jack’s hat started to glow brighter and then he looked at me.  He then told me that all three of them had heard me play my piano and sing my songs, especially during Christmas.  All of them had watched me through my window while I sang, played my piano and said my bedtime prayers.  I guess from what they saw and heard that they felt I was a special little kid because of my musical talents and my faith in the Christmas story.  They had told Bright Wondrous about me and she told them to bring me to her and she would tell me the Christmas story as she had seen it so many years ago.  She also wanted to hear me sing.  I was now really scared.  How many kids have ever sang for the Christmas Star?  I was going to ask Jack that question last night but in all the excitement I forgot too. I do know that anyone who feels the same about Christmas would surely be given the same journey I was taken on last night.  I just know it!!
     
As we were getting closer to Bright Wondrous I began hearing all of my favorite Christmas songs.  Maybe not the whole song but parts of them.  I did not know where they were coming from but I know I could hear them very well.  Finally I knew the windy ride was almost over when Twink began glow brighter and start to flicker really fast.  When I looked over at him he was looking up above us and so was Jack.  His little bulb was the brightest that I had ever seen it and he was looking up too.  The wind sounds and humming that the North Wind was making started to become soft and were not so loud anymore.  My favorite songs could still be heard.  Bright Wondrous then slowly became everything around us.  As we arrived the soft bright light she gave off went around us like fog does sometimes in the cold winter mornings.  I could no longer see the North Wind.  He just disappeared once we reached Bright Wondrous light.  Jack and Twink were hard to see except for the flickering light of Twink and the bright red bulb and blue part of Jack’s hat.  I was not afraid at all.  Something told that here a little girl had nothing to fear.  That this was a truly happy place.  Then I heard Bright Wondrous for the first time.  She had the voice of an angel and I could feel her touch my shoulder as she said &quot;Welcome little lady.  I have heard your beautiful music and singing since you first started four of your years ago.  Did you know you were only two when you first sat at your piano and tried to play it?  I knew then that you were special, so did all of your family and your new friends who have brought you here to see me.  Your faith in the Christmas story has grown with you over the years and now it is time for you to see what I saw so many years ago.  Take what you see and hear tonight home with you and remember it always as a testimony to your faith.&quot;  Dairy that confused me a little.  I always thought that testimony was what grown up people did at the court house downtown.  I do know I will always remember my journey and that my believing in Christmas had a lot to do with it.
     
Bright Wondrous had no face or body.  I just heard her beautiful voice as she started to tell us her story.  My friends were really excited now.  All kinds of blue and red colors began flickering in the light.  It is hard to explain Diary but when Bright Wondrous began to talk to us I could see the scenes she was talking about.  It was like when I dream but my eyes were open the whole time.  Bright Wondrous began by telling me her light came from the faith that people had in the Christmas story, from the love they found in their lives and the hopes they had of their futures.  That all of these things were very positive and that she got her strength and light from all of the people who felt like I do.  Diary there must be a lot of people who feel like I do because Bright Wondrous is really bright!!  She then began to tell us what she had seen the first  Christmas night.  I could see everything as she talked.  Mary and Joseph’s trip as she lit the way.  They’re looking for a place to stay and finally the manger where babe Jesus was born.  That night is the brightest that Bright Wondrous had ever shown.  She said the whole world knew that He was born that night and everyone’s faith and love was the strongest it had ever been.  She was bright enough for all to see and to announce Jesus arrival.  She also lit the dark night so those who could would be able to find their way to see Him.  She told me of the wise men.  I could really see them Diary.  I could see all the animals that were there.  Diary I saw the angels as they also let the world know of His arrival.  Diary I have no idea how long she told us her story.  I was so excited, happy and afraid at the same time that I did not really know what to do so I just watched and listened.  I do not ever remember hearing or seeing Jack and Twink once she started to talk.  I do remember the flickering light so I guess they were still by me listening too.  She told the whole story as I had learned it. I knew when Bright Wondrous was finished.  We both started singing Away in a Manger.  I could see the story all around me as we sang.  Now I know that I am a special person for sure. The problem I know will be getting others to believe me.  You know it too Diary.  I know you do.
     
Bright Wondrous was an angel I know she was.  Her voice and how she made me feel could only have come from and angel.  She then said I should be getting home.  That there would be more special visitors coming to my home tonight.  I remember hoping it was Santa she was talking about.  Diary I do not think that any little kid can take more than one of these trips on Christmas Eve.  Then I could hear the humming of the North Wind start up again and we started to move our of Bright Wondrous’ light.  I think he was there the whole time I just could not see him.  Twink and Jack were there also. I was happy to see all of them again.  Twink was so excited and in his flickering way told me that he would never tire of hearing Bright Wondrous tell her story.  Jack’s head was crackling as it went up and down in agreement with Twink. Then as we moved away from the light I could hear the songs again for a little while.
    
The North Wind told me that he would not be taking us all the way home but that Jack and Twink had asked him to take us to the nearest moonbeam.  Riding on moonbeams was one of their favorite ways to play when they were not making frost and snow.  Twink said that the moonbeam we were going to ride was the one that went to my room.  They both held out their hands for me and I took them.  They did not tell me to close my eyes this time.  As I took hold of their hands the North Wind said good-bye and began to disappear and a real moonbeam started to appear.  It looked like a rainbow as I looked down it.  I turned around to say good-bye to the North Wind and saw nothing but the dark sky with its stars and Bright Wondrous right in the middle of them all.  When I turned around I could see the moonbeam again.  I could also see us getting closer to my home.  Before I knew it I was home in my room standing in front of my bed.  We didn’t even have to open the window!  When I turned around Jack and Twink were there on the windowsill again.  Twink asked if I enjoyed our adventure, so did Jack but he talked slower and finished after Twink.  They looked at each and we all laughed.  I love my friends.  Jack told me it was time for them to go.  That I should go to bed and go to sleep so that Santa could come.  They both began to tap over their hearts and told me that they loved me.  Before I could finish telling them that I loved them too they were gone.  I was too tired to cry and I was very sad that they had left.  Then I knelt beside my bed and prayed that Bright Wondrous would always shine on me, my family and my friends Jack and Twink.
     
Well Diary do you believe me?  I am sorry but I filled in all of your pages up to the middle of February to tell you what happened last night.  Please forgive me.  I hope you believe me I know nobody else will.
     
That is how the entries went in my mom’s diary for those two days in December, 1930 as best as I could remember.  I glanced at all my brothers for a nod of approval.  They agreed and we all just sat there for a moment.  Finally, my youngest brother asked again if we believed it to be true or not.  I told him it was a beautiful little Christmas story that mom had come up with when she was a little girl and that we should take it as such.  He quietly told us again that he had told mom he had always believed it to be true.  I just gave him a shrug of my shoulders as if to imply that that was also OK too.  He slowly reached down by his chair and picked up the box that mom’s Christmas present to him had come in.  Without saying a word he reached into it and came out with the pink diary from which mom had always read.  He laid it on the table.  He then reached in again and came out with a small pink blanket that was obviously wrapped around something.   He laid the blanket on his lap and opened it. There in the middle was a small pair of old red children’s jammies, the kind with built in slippers and a flap on the back that needed to be buttoned.  Our mom’s name and a cute little Christmas tree were embroidered on the front.  Wrapped in the jammies was what appeared to be a very small jewelry or music box.  As he opened it we were all startled by a very bright flash of light that had all the colors of the rainbow. Someone yelled &quot;Moonbeams!!&quot;  It very briefly lit up the room and was gone.  We sat there stunned at what had just happened. As we sat there in total disbelief he reached for the gift box again.  He took mom’s personal note to him and handed it to us to read.  When it finally made its way to me I was somewhat reluctant to open it.  I looked at him and he nodded back as if to say &quot;Open It.&quot; I then slowly opened the card and began to read.  It said &quot;Merry Christmas from one believer to another. I Love You……Mom.&quot;  I looked back up at him and as I did so he asked all of us if we would like to hear the story about his trip to visit Bright Wondrous.  I closed the card and my eyes at the same time.  As I did so I knew that nobody was going to believe this.

icon:forumbee[role=yellow]
     
     
If this story moved you, please leave your thought about it.
